All right welcome back my students on the last lecture we learned a lot.
Right.
We learned how to build these admin function or method that is now very flexible right now but we could
make it flexible if we wanted to.
If you go back to a user model you could write here.
I don't know just pass in the roll name or the role or the user.
And you know just making more than Nemec UK is many ways that you can do these guys many different ways
.
Right.
You can find out their role and compare it once you pass it through here.
All right.
Lay their own name equals to the to the role here.
OK.
So until I die you can pass in that here.
All right you see how you can make it more namak.
But anyway so what I'm going to do with this is down routes we're going to take this out here and we're
going to take it back to the middleware is admin.
And now this made aware is going to be able to do that for us.
Okay.
So if it's admin what we're going to do is we're going to redirect the user
return redirect and we're going to redirect them where if intended and let's do admin.
All right and we're going to be all around for that now.
All right.
So we're first pulling out the thicket of usury fees if is there is any and if we find them we're going
to go and redirect them here.
Else we're going to go to the next requests no matter what.
All right so now let's go and create a route for admin
and let's do it.
We don't need that anymore.
As I actually do all the way down here I just say route
get
admin.
And as a matter of fact the way I'm going to do it is with a admin controller so we're going to build
that admin controller.
OK.
And that's the way that I want to do it because it just gives you a bigger example on how this is done
.
So BHP artist and may controller we're going to create a controller here and I'm going faster guys because
we have created so many projects.
This should be easy for you OK.
Admin controller.
All right.
And they are not going to create a resource this is going to be empty.
I mean see where I'm missing admin
invalid row operation.
OK.
The problem is not here.
Problem is here.
This should be
.
I see.
All right.
So let's do this.
And this is going to go to and it's that's OK let's create a now.
And there we go.
Remember that a few years and they get that you need to give it some type of method here.
All right you only would do this without you doing resource.
OK so clear.
Let's go to our controller.
Let's see if we can find that here it's not there yet so let's synchronize it real quick.
All right cool.
So now here I'm going to apply the middleware.
And I want you to pay very close attention to this.
OK.
So we're going to create a function.
All right.
Actually it's going to be public.
Oops I was fast re function and this is going to be a construct you know.
All right.
And this is what's going to be and very similar to these guys.
Look you can just copy this if you want it to OK same thing.
So this made aware whoops and we're going to say is admen I believe we put her as upper case here.
All right.
So if we wanted to see the end of this page
we would need to be an administrator now now whoops
let's return something.
You are an administrator
because you are
in this speech.
There we go.
All right.
So all right so I'm going to leave the second part to the next lecture because we actually gone quiet
a little bit here.
We've gone very far so I don't want to bore you I don't want you to fall asleep.
I want you to if you tell your take a little rest come back to the next part.
I'll see you the next lecture